Now what we can do, is let's modify this
slightly to have a couple methods.
One is we're gonna pass state in and
then we're gonna have a method
called get state and select.
And so what select is going to allow us
to do is put in a property that we want,
and then return that value.
So in JavaScript, when you want to
select something off of an object and
you don't know what that property is,
it's going to change to be dynamic,
then you can use what is called,
basically this array notation.
And so we're able to say, select the value
of any of this dynamic property or
this key that we send in,
give me the value.
So I'm still gonna do client store.
The difference is what have I described
here, clients and current client well,
I'm talking about state.
So here, I'm gonna go clients date.
There we go.
And in the constructor we are going to go.
So a constructor is a method that gets
called anytime you construct a class.
So we're gonna go state, quiet state.
And then within this we're just
gonna go this.state equals state.
And then from here we are going to have,
was it get state.
All this is going to do
is return this.state.
And then we have one more method
which is going to be select, correct,
which is going to take an ID,
which will be a string.
And it's going to return this.state[ID].
Or I think I called this key.
Let me just change this to be a little
bit more semantically correct, all right?
So now this is obviously breaking.
Let me change this ever so
slightly and instead of
this let me go with initial
client state and from here
Let's do client, Client
equals client store select,
Current client.
We'll save this.
And first let's just dump this out.
There we go.
All right, so now state that's clients.
And current client.
And then if we do current client,
we'll save this, then that's the empty.
But if I were to set
this to anything else, so
if I would've had that select method
in there, then that would have worked.
So, before we go into the challenge,
I just wanna open up the floor to any
questions about what I've covered so far.
>> Will you repeat how
the select with key works?
>> What we're doing here is array
notation when you have an object.
So in this case,
an object that has more than one property.
So we have ID first name,
last name company.
And so just imagine any object
that has a key and it has a value.
Well, if you want to get a value off
of an object based on the key, and so
in other words, give me the first name,
or give me the last name.
So that last name is essentially
the key for the value.
What you can do is instead of doing,
let me do it this way.
Well instead of essentially doing like
this.peter.firstname or
this.peter.lastname.
I don't really need this because
it's not inside of a class.
And I wanna say give me the first name or
the last name,
what I can do is, I can go Peter and
then in essentially close.
I can send in a strain that represents
the key, I could say first name.
So what I can do here is just
say key equals first name.
And so this is a way for
me to dynamically traverse this object and
make that key dynamic.
Or what I could do is instead I can just
pass this in if I want the first name.
But if I want it to be last name, I just
do it here and then returns the last name.
And so this is a way to access
really dynamically access
a value on an object using
array notation here.
That makes sense.
>> Yeah, so in this case you're
passing the entire object as a key.
So it was just a string.
So keys are strings,
because properties are strings.
So an object is just a key value pair.
So, first name and last name.
These are just represented as strings.
And so I'm saying give me
The value that's stored of this property
so in this case is gonna be porker.
If I did first name, it's gonna be Peter.
And so what it's doing is it's
looking up essentially the property or
the key on that which is a string and
then returning that value.
Does that make sense?
>> Yeah, it makes sense.
I was confused because I
felt that in the store,
you were passing the entire object.
>> So in the store, I'm passing in,
the state object in the constructor.
But then I'm saying I want to be
able to select slices off of that.
And so for here, we're passing
in the entire state object, and
then I'm able to select a slice of
that state off and then return it.
So what I could do here,
I could go current clients and
I just need that slice off of the state,
sorry, no clients store, select client.
Now if I go here and I dump this out,
what it's gonna return is that
whatever value is it that key.
>> Okay so
you were selecting the slice, okay.
When you are dealing with etc.
When you have a selector guess what,
this is pretty much all that's
happening under the hood.
Your state is a single state object and
you are going through and
you are saying give me a piece of this.
And then you might even have that actually
to be a function to take the state and
then do some manipulation and
then send it back.
Should I put my base models and
my domain models together?
Typically, I will put all of my
models because that represents
the entire application in a single place.
So this is a little bit
angular mono repo specific.
Well, if you're in a mono repo, you can
really do a lot of different things.
But I will typically put all
of my interfaces in a single
interface file that lives in
a library that I can share
with my angular apps,
my react apps and my node apps.
And so this is what this would look like
in a real project is that I would go and
I would build out projects interfaces and
everything.
So I have a single file.
That's the finding my domain model.
And then from there I can share that and
communicate that to the rest
of the application.
So that's a very good question.
I tend to try to put all of my
interfaces in a single place so
that every other project application
library can benefit from that.
All right, so
another question is let's say we
have an interface describing a form.
How does it help when a user is
interacting with it at runtime?
So, when you think about a form,
I would actually not have
an interface that defines a form.
I wouldn't have an interface that
defines the data structure and
then the form is merely
a representation of that interface.
And so I would never define
an interface for a form.
I would just define my interfaces and
then the forms would
essentially conform to that.
And so that's where you start at
the very base is your domain models.
Everything else is
a representation of that.